- Are we talking about this on the pod?
This is going on terminal.shop anyway.
- We're recording.
- Okay, okay, good, good, good, all right.
(upbeat music)
- What kind of coffee are you drinking?
- Oh, just a little bit of terminal down shop.
A little artisan blend actually this morning.
- Wow, it's a limited edition.
We're gonna, I totally forgot that we're gonna run out of
- Both of our limited editions right now.
- Yeah, I know.
- I don't know if you saw it, but we did the cron run this
this week with flow. - Right with flow, yeah.
- Yeah, I'm glad it was only two or three.
I guess it was, there was three that were out.
I'm like, okay, I gotta factor that in.
Sometimes we run out of materials, you know,
just use the software where there's infinite everything.
- I just pay more money and it shows up instantly.
- Yeah, exactly, we kept trying to do intros
and it was always so awkward.
So then we just let Chris out a little.
- I did see in the last one
that Adam accused you of having white face.
So I did see, at least that was the last one that I watched.
So I think that was the very first words
out of your guys' mouth on the new channel too,
which was great.
So I was like, wow, this is super good for the brand.
Thanks guys.
- I was taking it back.
He, you know, Adam's not usually that aggressive.
He doesn't usually leave me speechless that often, so.
- Well, when he is that aggressive, it's not on purpose.
He's like, he's just saying your face looks really bright.
Like he's a friend, there's no additional connotations.
- That's also the episode where he said
that other thing that we can't repeat.
- Yeah, I remember, I know, I wasn't gonna,
I didn't want to accidentally slip up and say it again, you know.
- He was definitely on a weird headspace.
- He was getting ready to unplug.
He was getting ready to unplug.
- That's true.
- I guess I should explain that.
The reason, this is not Adam,
for everyone listening, this is TDA.
Adam is on a force vacation.
I mean, just a normal vacation for the past week,
but he didn't try unplug.
- But he was like, guys, if you see me on Slack,
reprimand me.
- I have not been doing that.
I've been messaging him like several times a day
with every open code update.
So I've been doing the exact opposite.
- I've been using open code.
I was using it today on stream.
- Yeah, I saw you were doing Elixir.
I was like, see, I'm surprised to work.
- I said, hey, he's in this dark mode,
and it just changed everything perfectly.
It was actually great.
- Was that Elixir?
Was that more?
- Well, it's like, it's inside of Heeks,
which is their like template string thing
for generating like HTML stuff.
- No, I've never said that out loud.
Is that how you say it?
- I don't know, it's H-E-E-X, right?
- I guess that makes sense,
but it's one of those things that I never said out loud.
Heeks.
- I figured it was kind of like mixing like HTML
and like Elixir. - E-E-X, yeah.
- So those in my eyes go E-E-X, but I guess.
- But there's an H at the beginning.
You're just silent h-ing it?
- Well, I love to Elixir by the time they added the H.
- Okay, oh, you should just be dot E-E-X.
- I think that's just their general templating language,
and then the H is the HTML flavor.
I thought I remember correctly, it's been a while.
- Okay, I haven't done anything besides,
I also don't usually put it in the separate file.
There's like a really nice way to just do like a sigil.
Be like the daily H, and then you can put it directly
in the file, and that's pretty much what I always do,
although no Elixir experts, so.
- I'm surprised that it works well with Elixir.
- It did a lot of good stuff so far,
it even was like it was kind of paying attention
to sending messages in like the app JS side
and the like the actual Elixir component,
'cause like you gotta communicate with them
via message passing, right?
- Right.
- And it was actually like keeping track of it
between the two and stuff, so I was really impressed.
I was like, "That's good, that's good."
- Nice.
- Yeah, did it switch to V4, or I don't know if you noticed?
- No, I think I'm still, I needed to,
I didn't run an update. - Oh, you did, great.
Yeah, gotcha, gotcha.
- But I was gonna try it with V4, but I didn't know,
I didn't know how fast I was gonna run out of your tokens,
you know, so I was trying to be.
(laughing)
I didn't see what the pricing,
what's the scoop on V4, Dax?
- V4 is the exact same price, which is good.
- Oh, nice.
- It's a kind of no-brainer upgrade,
and I was kind of worried it was gonna be,
you know how like Chachi BT adds new models
where they never remove the old ones?
- Yeah.
- So now it's like a never-growing listener
you know what to use, so I was worried
that Panthropper wasn't gonna do that too,
but it seems like there's just,
this is like a one-to-one replacement,
and there's same pricing,
it's like become a default in their web app,
there's like no reason to use the old one.
I used it a bunch yesterday, I didn't notice any immediate,
like whoa, this is definitely better,
but there's some people that do like reviews
of these things in a more rigorous way,
and it seemed pretty good.
Someone, I don't know if that's true or not,
but someone said that it stopped
in certain comments everywhere, which is a huge deal.
- No way, anthropic and shambles dude,
like 25% of their like tokens were comments,
they're gonna be-
- That's true.
- They're gonna be down in revenue so hard after this.
- Yeah, the funniest thing about the token-based
billing thing is sometimes it just doesn't work,
you talk to it for like five minutes,
and it doesn't give you what you want,
but then you end up paying for it anyway, which is like-
- Yes, and it is kind of a weird, like incentive,
I mean like they're still incentivized
to get the best model, you know what I mean?
But they're definitely not incentivized in the same way
to make like the most brief model.
(laughs)
Right, you know what I mean?
Like they're like, well we have the best one,
it just has to talk a lot to get there.
Sorry guys, I don't know what to tell you.
- Yeah, I mean hopefully the space is competitive enough
that they can't like sit on anything like that, but-
- Yeah, but it does just seem like it's just a little bit
sort of weird in the sense that, like you compare it
to like cursor, cursor if they're gonna give you
like a flat rate for the month, they're like desperately
trying to make sure that they're like pushing down
all the token costs as much as possible.
So it is kind of interesting, but like it's also,
yeah, it doesn't seem like they have the space
to just be like, we'll just let it yap forever
and people not like it.
- The other model, it like cuts both ways, right?
'Cause the other model is kind of like a gym membership
where you hope-
- They're hoping you don't use it.
- Yeah, in a way you're like, we want them to use it
but like not too much, yeah.
- Yeah, only for the first two or three months of the year.
(laughing)
- I can't believe how real of a trope that is.
Like I, just the first month of the year,
the gym is just insane.
And it's crazy that we're all aware of this
but everyone just does it anyway.
- It doesn't stop anybody from being like,
well, this is my year for the gym.
Oh, you know, it's like those other guys.
This is like, this just goes to show engineers are so wrong
when they think like the best product is gonna win.
Like, no, the one that understands people,
the best is gonna win.
If you could make a pop up gym that only existed
for three months of the year
and then their other nine months of the year,
you didn't have to pay rent,
you would be the richest gym owner of all time.
- What is that?
What is that like Halloween costume store
that works this way?
- Oh, Spirit.
Spirit is gonna always be appropriate, exactly.
Dude, they should be switching.
You know what I'm saying?
Like they, 'cause Spirit Halloween does nothing January
through June, I think we just found a merger
that could really change the game.
Like, don't publish this episode.
We need to get straight to it.
We need to go talk to some VCs really quick about this.
- That's actually genius.
- 'Cause they have enough time after Halloween
to turn it back into the gym,
get it all out of the boxes.
You got three months.
They can leave one corner of Spirit,
always set up for the gym.
You know what I mean?
- Yeah, that's true.
- For the six people that like,
actually keep their New Year's resolution
and are there like in June.
(laughing)
But then they just like auto,
it's an auto-scaling gym, dude.
We're just taking the things with what we've learned
from the cloud and bringing it to the physical space.
- You just get the people that show on January 1st
to like move the gym equipment in,
to set it up.
That's for the workout for the day, yeah.
- And you're like,
well actually what you have to do is starting in December,
you have to be saying,
oh, the real way to properly lose weight
is real kinds of labor.
See like machine equipment labor
is really not the optimal way.
You know, so it's like,
you need real muscles, not like J.
We don't want just show muscles, right?
We need actual muscles here.
J's over there,
they just have J on the side like doing this,
but then he can't lift up the couch.
And they're like, see?
See guys, you should be moving the couches.
That's how you get actually strong.
- It's funny, there was a TV show,
I can't remember what it was,
maybe it was shameless or something,
where that's like a plot point.
The guy starts a gym training program,
but they're just doing like moving work.
Well, that construction work.
But like, the thing is--
- They're paying him.
They're paying him, and yeah.
So he's making money on both sides.
But like, it's also not stupid
'cause the people that do that work
are the strongest people I've ever met.
Like, it's crazy how,
and they don't, they usually don't look like anything,
but just doing that stuff every day,
like it just makes you a beast.
- Right, and then they're just like,
picking up stuff, no problem.
Like, you know, like,
oh, I need some help moving my couch.
And they're like, I can do it.
You're like, isn't it a two-person job?
Oh, no, I got it.
It's just like, up on the shoulder.
- Yeah, it's crazy.
So I moved, when I moved from New York,
we hired movers, and when I moved one house over,
we hired some, just help with a few things.
And like, yeah, they like soloed stuff
where I would just be like,
there's no way I could even move that with multiple.
'Cause it's not just like a strength thing.
It's like, stuff is just weirdly shaped.
I guess this is a strength thing.
But it's like weirdly shaped.
You can't grab it the right way.
We have one of those, egg,
like we have a Kamado Joe.
It's one of those like really heavy ceramic egg.
- Oh, we've seen your, we've seen your steak bricks.
It's fine.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, we know.
We're aware.
- Yeah, they just like, you like put on--
- Don't put the top though on to the fake grass, dude.
- Yes.
Oh man.
I did that twice, you know that.
That was a second time.
- Did you get it again?
- I did it in the other house.
- You had fake grass in the other house, too?
- I mean, the same landlord owns both houses
and whenever he--
- Okay, yeah, yeah, he did.
- Just for the listeners.
I accidentally put a hot cast iron pan on the ground
but my ground is fake grass made of plastic.
And within like less than a second,
'cause I realized right away
and I tried to lift it back up,
it like fused to the growling belts of plastic and fused.
But yeah, I've done this, I've done this twice.
So it feels extra stupid the second time around.
- But I mean, have you ever done it
where you just grabbed it like with no gloves
or have you escaped that fate?
Like without another man, I'm saying?
- Like by myself? - Yeah, I've touched it
by accident, like with my elbow.
- Dude, 'cause I'm always worried about that.
Also, are your slacks not just going ham right now, Dex?
That's gonna be in the--
- I got it, I think it--
- Yo, leave that in.
Chris, leave that in.
- I got the vacuum in last time.
Now I got the slack noise of this.
I'm over here.
- Yeah, I'm always--
Catelyn's been all about cast iron lately
and like, you know, we've been doing lots of eggs
on the cast iron.
Now we have like many cast irons and stuff
so she can do like little eggs for the kids
and all this stuff.
And I'm always so nervous.
It's like three hours afterwards.
Can I touch this?
(laughing)
I'll get on the oven just in case.
She's like, that was yesterday.
You know, like-- (laughing)
- Yeah, no, I've definitely, I use a cast iron
as my primary, I've used a cast iron as a primary hand
for like many years.
And the first thing I do after cooking
is just blast it in the sink.
'Cause I'm just so paranoid that I'm gonna touch it.
- You're not supposed to put it in the sink though
afterwards, doesn't that mess it up?
- Okay, so I've experimented a lot
and I think it's a little overstated.
So I, like you can even use soap.
Like it's actually not that big of a deal.
But I also switched to carbon steel.
I don't know which one you guys have, but uh--
- Oh, I don't know.
- The newer flavor of cast iron is like a carbon steel thing.
- You're licking it or something?
What do you mean flavor?
(laughing)
- The newer material.
- I'm just like, I'm just eating it.
- Well, you should, isn't that the whole thing
with the cast iron?
They like retain the flavor over the year.
So there's a literal flavor to it too.
- Yeah.
- But the carbon steel ones, I think,
are definitely a lot more, not a lot less delicate.
You can--
- Yeah, they let you get away with a lot more.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, Caitlin just says don't, just don't do anything
with them.
She's like, I've spent a lot of time seasoning these
correctly, just don't touch them.
You know, so I'm like, okay, you got it.
That seems like a smart plan.
- Yeah.
It's crazy that I don't, to be honest,
it seemed like magic to me because you just like,
rub oil on them and then you heat it up
and just do that consistently.
And then like, it becomes extremely non-stick.
Like, I don't even understand how anything can work.
- And it's clean?
You're like, how can it be clean?
Everything else I have to put in the dishwasher.
That doesn't make sense.
- Yeah, I know, I know, but yeah, it works.
But I've been through a few.
I've definitely messed up some.
Well, I messed up the one that I stuck to the ground.
By the way, like imagine a cast iron,
like you understand how heavy and strong it is?
- Yeah.
- When it fused into the grass
and we were trying to pull it off.
- Yeah.
- We bent the handle all the way
and like warped it all before it came out.
That's how strong this thing was.
- That's crazy.
That's so funny though.
- That's surprising.
Yeah, one of the surprising downsides
that I think plastic grass that
literally nobody will tell you about.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's, you're one of a select few.
It's like, it's just like,
I just imagine like, does anyone else ever accidentally
get up at the beginning of a stand up show?
Hey guys, thanks for coming to the idea of Dax.
Anyone else ever get their cast iron sucked
into their fake grass in the back yard?
Am I right?
Just dead silence like crickets.
- You're joking, but I honestly feel like
I can't be the only one.
Like this must be a common thing.
- Probably in Miami, I feel like there's a better chance.
There's a better chance.
The overlap of people who like making stakes
on cast iron and who have fake grass back yard
is a lot higher than the average, I would say.
- Yeah, the fake grass thing is huge here
and it's grown on me a little bit, but.
- It doesn't grow Dax, it literally can't.
(laughing)
- I swear, I think I've seen it grow.
- I'm like, you're watching.
- Liz, are we sure this is fake?
I swear it's taller.
- The funniest is when I post videos
and people, and I get it like Twitter compression
and stuff, they can't exactly tell it's fake.
They're like, wow, like your grass is amazing.
What's your secret? - It's so green, dude.
How are you doing that?
- Yeah, that's like, well, I do have a trick.
- Yeah, yeah, it's this one trick.
Landscapers, hey, you know, like,
that's like I go over to my dad's
and his grass is always immaculate, but it's real.
- Yeah, funny, I was gonna say the exact same thing
'cause my dad has gotten super into grass the past.
We've always, like he's always had people
come and take care of it.
But he's doing, he's been doing it all himself.
It's been out for the past, like two years.
And it looks insane.
And to the point where he's like the consultant
for the neighborhood where the neighbors are like,
yeah, they're like, okay,
help me out with the situation.
Are you like a grass person?
Like, do you manage the grass in your house?
- I mean, I'm the one that goes and like
does all of the things that need it,
but I always told Kaitlyn, like,
I don't want to be a grass farmer.
Like, I'm not interested in that.
My dad makes fun of me 'cause I always told him
when I was growing up.
Like, dad, I will never buy a house with a lawn.
I will find, like, you know,
'cause I always hated doing yard work.
Surprise, like, who could have guessed
the computer guy who likes to sit in his basement?
You know?
And then he's like, so you bought a house
with a bunch of grass and you have a dog now.
You told me none of these things were gonna happen.
(laughing)
But yeah, so I like, I do this stuff for a grass,
but it's just like, you know, very, very simple.
Put out some seed at the beginning of the year,
throw some fertilizer
and weed killer at some point.
We're, like, backed up to, like, some woods area,
so we have a lot of, like, thistles and other stuff
that kind of, like, come up out of the woods every year,
so if I don't put anything down,
then we get a lot of, like, really pokey thistles
on the ground when the kids can't run around.
But it was, like, it's fine.
I just put, like, twice in the summer,
I just put something down on it,
and then it's like, oh, it's good, and then it's soft.
But it doesn't look like my dad's.
You know, I feel like my dad's looks like I could lay down
and, like, take a nap on it,
and it'd be, like, soft and comfy.
Mine is not that level.
- You have, like, a sloping.
I've seen, like, videos of your backyard.
Your backyard, like, kind of slopes down, right, yeah.
- Yeah, so it's, like, I have, like, a, like,
it's flat for a little bit after the house,
then it slopes down into the woods,
and then I got tired of mowing that,
so I just, like, left it to grow wild,
and so far, none of my neighbors have complained,
so that's good.
(laughing)
- 'Cause, like, they don't have to look at it?
- Yeah, well, yeah.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, people look at it.
- No, I mean, I get it.
- They're doing their yard.
They're doing their yard, and then mine doesn't look the same,
but it's fine.
Like, where I am, it's like, it goes into the woods,
so it looks pretty natural, but yeah, it's pretty funny.
The thing that looks really bad in my backyard right now
is we just removed.
We had, like, a above-ground pool from when we moved in,
but, like, with a deck, like, built around half of it.
- Oh, I see.
- And we took out the pool,
'cause I don't really like it that much,
and you don't get as much use in Michigan
as you do in Miami.
- Right.
- You know, like, most of the year,
it's just a big circle of ice.
- Yeah, I mean, the main thing is it's just annoying
with, like, little kids, 'cause you don't want your little kids
to run around unsupervised in the backyard without the pool.
Like, it doesn't matter how many gates you put around it,
I'm like, I can't figure out gates.
- Yeah, it's still worrying in the back of your head.
Yeah, we just took an infant CPR class,
and they were just, like, describing all the different ways.
- Yeah.
- Things can go wrong.
- Yeah, that's a surefire way to start getting you nervous.
You're like, oh my goodness.
There's so many things that could be not right about this.
But yeah, so we ripped that out,
so now we have a, actually the kids love it, though.
They're gonna be so sad when I change it,
'cause underneath the pool was just like sand, you know,
'cause they used that to, like, level it and everything.
So it's a huge sandbox.
Like, 24 feet, right?
Like, diameter, a big circle sandbox.
And the kids are like, this is awesome.
They're, like, digging up sand and then, like, throwing in
and, like, going in, like, taking rocks from the sand
and throwing it off the deck back into the sand.
And they're, like, this is so cool.
I'm, like, I hate to tell you guys this,
but that is gonna take that away soon.
I am gonna not, I'm not gonna let the big sand circle
stay in the backyard forever.
- That does sound really awesome.
Are you guys, like, gonna put something else there
or just bring up the space?
- Yeah, we're gonna make the, so, like,
we have a walkout basement, so the back of the house
is two, like, two stores, right?
So we have, like, a deck that comes out
from, like, the kitchen area.
And then there's steps down.
And then that was, like, the deck with the pool.
So we're just turning that now, like, into a rectangle
for, like, a spot to sit and hang out
and, like, have another table and other stuff there.
And then we're gonna put a bunch of, like, gardens
and possibly chicken coop.
- Oh, chicken coop.
- Back there, too.
So, yeah, it was, it's very funny.
There was a video I saw recently where it was this guy
talking and he was, like, if your wife says,
she's gonna start making sourdough
because she doesn't like the chemicals in bread.
Congrats, you're a farmer now.
- And, like, it was, like, literally describing
my exact last year, where I was, like,
I'm just gonna start making sourdough.
And I'm, like, sick.
Like, that sounds good.
She's like, cheddar jalapeno sourdough bread sound good?
Yes, that sounds amazing.
Hey, so just throwing it out there.
What about chickens, you know?
(both laughing)
- So, it's like, just go to the hardware store
and start buying the coop materials.
You're gonna be building it in no time.
(both laughing)
- That's so funny.
Yeah, my house had a chicken coop
in the, like, where that shed area was.
- Oh, yeah.
- Yeah, it's, like, it got removed before we moved in,
but, yeah, someone had chickens back there.
I guess, I'm assuming the grass is real back then also.
- Yeah, you wouldn't want it with fake grass.
It'll be so gross, so fast.
- Yeah, yeah, there's a, there's a weirdly,
even though mine is a city,
there's a lot of people that have chickens.
- Yeah, it's pretty in right now, pretty in.
- Yeah.
- I mean, it's nice, like, so right now though,
I mean, I feel like the life hack
is we have a bunch of people at our church
who are doing chickens, like, we got this friend,
they got, like, a hundred.
- Yep, exactly.
- Like, they're, like, seriously, they were,
they're growing, like, crazy.
Their egg business is growing, like, crazy.
It's 10xing, you know?
Like, this is hockey stick growth.
They've got over at their house.
And, like, all the, and so they're like,
we have so many eggs.
Like, here's, you know, you like, a dozen
for, like, barely anything.
I'm like, I mean, this is not so bad.
I just pick up a, you know, a dozen or two dozen eggs
every week at church from them.
That's simpler than cleaning up the chicken coop.
I'm just throwing it up there.
- Yeah, when all those egg prices were going up,
there was like this similar, like, underground network
that was forming here where Liz's sister was getting eggs
from someone that had chickens
and then dropping them off.
Yeah, it was a, but yeah, it's crazy how many they produce.
Like, you get a lot of eggs from--
- Like, almost a nag a day.
- They do that every day.
That's crazy.
- That is crazy, dude.
- A lot of work.
- It reminds me, though, I was talking to a buddy of mine.
He's mechanical engineer, very, very buttoned up.
You know, very straightforward guy about a lot of stuff.
He likes to do all of his own projects,
this kind of thing, right?
And he's got, like, five kids.
You know, he's got a bunch of kids, et cetera.
And we were having breakfast and I'm cracking up
because we were just, we were actually talking about
going on the yacht and doing the music video
and other stuff like this.
And like how, you know, you can just like spend money
and like make things happen.
You know, and like sometimes not even that much money.
Like to do the yacht, it wasn't even that much money.
Like, compared to going out for dinner
at a nice restaurant, right?
Like, a bunch of companies are like,
yeah, we'll have a whole company out
for dinner at a restaurant, whatever.
So, so we're talking about this and everything.
And my buddy goes, yeah, I just,
I just don't really get it.
Like, I can never even think of things to spend money on.
And the rest of the table is like, what?
You know, like, dude, like, he's like, yeah,
I just like, I've got all these projects
that I need to do and stuff.
And we're like, Brian, that's what you can spend money on.
Dude, your wife would be so happy
if like 30 construction dude came in
and like finished all your projects in one week.
You know, like, it just reminds me of the eggs thing.
I'm like, I can turn money into time.
And I can do time to money and I can do both.
And, and, you know, like, I can just buy eggs for $4.
Oh, but I was cracking up.
I knew you would like, I can't even imagine like what?
I don't even know how to spend money.
And I'm like, dude, man, I wish I had that problem.
It sounds nice.
That is not relatable.
I just have all this money that I don't know
what to do with it.
Wow.
Well, it wasn't even that.
It's just like, you know, he works like regular mechanical
engineering job.
He'd just like, you know, just not like,
oh, he owns a random plumbing business
that actually, you know, secretly does $5 million a year
or something like that, like regular mechanical engineer.
Like, yeah, man, I just can't even think of like,
what do people even spend money on?
I'm like, oh, that's really funny.
If you don't have any use for it, like I'm available.
You can hire me to do anything.
Yeah, I mean, or just give it to me.
Like if you're really like, it's so useless.
That's funny.
So are you guys, you said you're going to do like a garden
also, you said, going to grow like little vegetables?
When we lived in Madison before we had kids,
I built a pretty big raised bed garden like around,
we had like just a deck.
It was probably, I don't know, maybe like 10 feet
by 20 feet, something like this.
I built like a raised bed garden like around most of that.
And we grew a ton, a ton of stuff,
which was really fun, like a bunch of like peppers,
like different kinds to like jalapenos as well as like Bell
and some like Anaheim and a few other kinds.
We, you know, did tomatoes.
All that grows in Michigan.
That's kind of crazy.
Yeah, all of it'll grow.
I mean, you won't be able to grow it in the winter time.
You know what I'm saying?
But like you get, for some of them,
like you might need to do a little bit of sprouting
like inside beforehand, like especially 'cause you run the risk
of like a random like frost happening in May
and then like all your plants die, right?
You're like, oh, well, that sucks.
Yeah, I guess I'm done for this year.
Yeah, I guess we need to either go buy them all now,
like in the expensive version of like partially grown
or not, but yeah.
I mean, we also grew like cucumbers, peas, potatoes.
Potatoes are hilarious to grow.
Like, so it's super easy way
as if you get like a big bucket or something.
They also make these like little bags that you can do it in.
You plant the potatoes in that have sprouted.
You put them like at the bottom
and you only fill the bucket up like this high, right?
Okay. With dirt.
And then as the stocks grow taller,
you just keep on piling more dirt on and more dirt
'cause you eat the root part, right?
So then it's like, oh, the place like, bro,
we got more dirt.
Time to put some more potatoes in the ground.
And so like, so then when you're done,
you have this huge like bush of like potato shoots,
like shooting up at the top,
but then all the way down our potatoes.
And so we want to do it.
We did it a little bit last year,
but we'll do it again sometime.
It's like, then it's like a dinosaur expedition.
Dude, you jump out the big bag and you like have your kids,
like they're like sifting through and like,
I've got a potato, but you can get a ton.
You can turn one potato into like 20, probably.
Like seriously, it's crazy.
- Is that like, like sometimes you have a potato
for too long, it like starts to--
- Yeah, yeah, you can just bite those mostly.
- That's basically what that is.
Oh, I see.
- The only thing you get worried about for like,
when you get it from the store and planting them,
some of them have like some like already pesticides
or insecticides on them that like will prevent them
from like properly, like all the way sprouting.
You know what I'm saying?
Like they might do like a little bit of sprout,
but yeah, like it's crazy too.
'Cause then if you take your seed potatoes,
that you used, you grow a bunch of potatoes,
you just have new seed potatoes again.
You're like, that's magic.
- It's actually that again,
another exponential growth situation.
- It's exponential growth, that's like--
- You played all of those.
- Dude, that was literally the meme.
- I know, I think it was tomatoes.
- So funny for tomatoes, it was crazy up every time.
Like would you rather have a million dollars
or would you rather have 10 tomatoes and he's like,
number one, a million dollars would stop me from grinding.
Number two, think about it like this.
You start growing your tomatoes today.
Each tomato grows 30 seeds.
Each seed, you can play it again.
Before you know it, you've got 10 billion tomatoes.
(both laughing)
- This is so funny.
- I know, I--
- We got that mango tree last year.
- Oh yeah.
- And it's still in the pot.
Like we haven't put it in the ground yet
and it's been a year.
And a couple of months ago, it started flowering
and I was like, oh, this is crazy.
Like we only had this for a year.
- Yeah.
- And then they were like probably like 100 to 200
and it's a small mango tree.
It's like, it's got babies still.
There's like 100 to 200 little tiny little mangoes.
And I was like, this is crazy that's already happening.
- Yeah.
- And it's so brutal because over the next couple of weeks,
every single one of them either like--
- Just fell down.
- Yeah, the wind knocked it off or like it just dried up
and died.
And now there is one.
There is one mango.
Like that's like this size, but like two inches.
And it's like the lone survivor out of hundreds of these things.
- Dude, Succo's gonna eat it when you're not looking.
- He likes mangoes.
I share mangoes with them all the time.
So he knows.
- Oh, it's funny.
- We had this one flower that would grow in our like,
you walk out the front door and then there's like,
we got a little garden next to the front door.
Right in front of it, there's this big,
like some sort of crazy lily that would grow.
But it'll always grow kind of late.
But the problem is the deer always come and eat it
in our front yard.
So like they hang out in the woods and they just walk in.
They're chill with all the people, dude.
It's so funny.
Like when I walk Ember around that night,
there's sometimes you just see like five deer.
They're just walking on the street.
They're just like casually hanging out in the neighborhood.
- They're like using the sidewalks.
- Yeah, literally.
No, literally I've seen them like on the side
was just walking down the street or like hanging out.
And so they would always eat it.
One year, I'd like the six that we've lived at this house
or something like that.
One year, I finally see it grow.
I'm like, wow, that's really pretty.
That's crazy.
I'm like, Kayleen, you gotta come see this
and we were busy so she didn't see it.
So she's gonna go look at it tomorrow.
Ember destroyed it.
(everyone laughing)
She got it up and was like, oh, this one looks fun.
And she like pulled it out from the root
and was like running around with them
to put the balls in her mouth and stuff.
And you're like, that's crazy dog.
Like, what are you doing?
- That's so funny.
- How is she gonna be with the chickens?
- Good, I think.
Yeah, she's actually really like chill
with little animals actually one time.
It was a little, the thing is I know my dog.
So I knew it was gonna be fine.
We have like a bunch of baby birds that always,
they like in the underneath our deck,
they always make nests and stuff up there.
And then like, so we always get some baby birds hanging out.
And one time I was literally streaming
and I went out, I had to go take Ember outside
to go to the bathroom 'cause I was streaming
for a while in that day.
And so I did like, I just switched to my phone
and I was going to go outside.
One of the baby birds is on the ground.
And I went outside with Ember.
And I'm like, I'm gonna let her go say hi to the bird.
Like I knew it would be fine.
And it was totally fine.
She just went up and she's like really gentle with the bird.
She didn't try and like demolish it or anything.
She's like super gentle with little animals.
But chat was like freaking out.
You know, they're like monk ass spamming like they're freaking out.
(laughing)
- That's so funny.
- It was like, in retrospect,
that could have probably gone bad.
Like, you know, like, I don't know.
And, but yeah, she's really chill with other animals.
I think if we like, like we were working on introducing them
to her slowly and she got that it was like fun
and the kids were hanging out with it
with other animals and everything,
she would be, she would be good with them.
So, but there is, there is always the chance
where one day she's like, I'm a little hungry.
(laughing)
- Yeah, there is this, I'm forgetting his name now,
but he's like, he's on Twitter
and he's like part of the AWS community.
He had a crazy-- - Adam, that's F.
(laughing)
- No, this is a different AWS here.
- Okay, all right, got it, got it.
- There are many of them.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Adam's the weakest one of all AWS here is.
Like, everyone always forgets that he's won.
He forgets that he's won.
I forget that he's won.
- Yeah, if the AWS heroes were the Avengers,
which one would Adam be?
- Not even Hawkeye, like probably--
- Like Ant-Man or something useless?
- No, probably the new generation of them
or literally knows who they are.
- Superhero number 37 was unnamed practically.
(laughing)
- The new generation, that's brutal.
- Wait, this guy, I think he lived somewhere in Texas.
So he had a pretty big property
and he had like a crazy amount of chickens,
like 40 or 50, some of them were for eggs.
You know, it was a pretty big situation.
And he'd always post videos with these chickens
of them like sitting on him and everything.
It was a fun little thing.
And one day it was either Foxes or Wolves
or something I can't remember.
They killed all of them except for two.
- Yang, that's crazy. - Which is really, yeah.
Imagine going out and there's like 40 dead chickens
in your backyard.
- Wow.
- Yeah, really crazy.
I think wolves, it must have been,
maybe it was wolves or coyotes.
'Cause I think I know, I think wolves are the only ones
that like just kill for fun
where they just kill a bunch of animals
and they just leave.
- That seems much more like a cat-like behavior though
than a dog-like behavior.
- That's true.
- So I don't know, but I guess it could do wolves.
- Yeah, that is wild though.
That would be devastating, dude.
- The kids would have to see all that stuff.
- Oh, I don't imagine you're like,
"All right, kiddos, go let out."
You know, like go open up the cages.
It's out bad.
You know, just like, I'm not doing that.
Like I'm not getting up and doing that.
Like you guys can go get them started for the day
and they walk out and like, "Dad?"
There's like 50/50 chance though my son,
he's just like me.
He would just go out there and like do it
and then come back inside and like not notice.
- Not notice.
- That's like the same way.
- Just so locked in, I'm like, "Well, I'll do my task."
Like it's totally fine.
And he just comes back in and he's like,
"None of them came out.
It was fine."
I'm like, "I don't have them came out to eat."
Then none of them came out to eat.
I'm like, "I don't know.
Can I play Legos now?"
- That's so relatable.
- Dude, he just got on.
He just got on doing some Lego stuff by himself
and it's crazy.
So he's like four and a half.
And I've never seen him sit down
for an extended period of time in my entire life.
Like even like a movie is pushing it.
Like we usually don't even watch a movie in one go.
He just likes to get up and run around.
Or when we finish a movie and it's like
if we watch the whole one, he gets up
and he just goes back upstairs
so it's running around in circles.
Like he literally like, "I'm not joking."
We can hear him upstairs.
We hear the thump, thump, thump, thump, thump,
thump, thump, thump of like his steps
all around the upstairs.
And he's just like running around
'cause like that was way too long of sitting.
But his past Saturday, he got a bunch of Legos
like throughout the past year.
And he was finally like, "I wanna do my Legos."
Like, "Okay, that sounds good, dude."
So he like starts before breakfast, then we eat breakfast,
then he goes back to his Legos,
then he like skips lunch practically
'cause he was like so locked in.
He just did him the whole day.
And I was like, "Wow."
Dude.
And then I was thinking, "He's just like me.
"I can't wait to get him into programming."
(laughing)
Except I have to trick him that it's cool and not lame
is something that your dad does.
(laughing)
- Yeah, like in hindsight.
So I remember when I was a kid, at some point,
maybe I was like eight or nine.
- Yeah.
- I got super into assembling furniture
'cause in my head it was just like a big Lego thing.
I remember like literally for years,
whatever my parents got,
I think I'd be the one to assemble it.
And now I'm a hindsight.
I'm like, "Man, my parents are so lucky.
"I hate doing this."
I would kill to have a kid that's like demanding to do it.
- That's so funny.
And they were probably like, "Oh no, little dad,
"you don't need to do it."
- Yeah. (laughing)
- Oh, mom and dad love to assemble the furniture.
You should let us do it.
- No, I got it, dad.
- Shut up. - I know.
- Yeah, I remember feeling like so lucky
that I got to do it.
Man, I'm so stupid.
(laughing)
- That's like I'm hoping there's like some outdoor chores
that they feel that way about like pulling weeds.
Ooh, who can get the most weeds, you know, like?
- Yeah, yeah.
Do they have chores yet or be young too?
- They do like some simple ones.
- Yeah, I mean, like my oldest is four, right?
So it's like most of the like main chores you want to do.
We just have to do it again.
(laughing)
- That's right. - It's after he's done.
- Yeah, it's more for training than actually getting anything done.
It's a good junior developer.
- Yeah, so he has like a bunch of like tasks
that he's supposed to do.
And he does like school stuff and things like that.
But like in terms, and like they're,
I guess they are like chores.
Like he has to do stuff with making his bed
and how he does that and putting away his toys
and everything.
Like, and like he helps sometimes with like laundry
and stuff like that in terms of folding it.
But mostly it's like what am I going to do?
Have you like wipe something down
so we can wipe it down again?
But now there's also crumbs on the floor.
Like, so it's also, I also see a lot of myself and him
and I'm like, we can ask him to do that.
But I have a strong feeling it's not going to go anywhere.
(laughing)
- That's funny.
- Yeah, but they like to help with a lot of stuff
or like do, sometimes they like chop up veggies
and stuff like that in the kitchen or things like that.
You get like the little kids,
like the kids version of the knives
that are like they're sharp enough to cut like a bean
but not really going to cut your finger off, you know,
like a green bean.
So yeah, so it's a, it's a mix we'll see probably
like once he turns five and we're going to start doing,
we've been doing like some homeschooling stuff with him
but we'll probably go like a little bit, you know,
like in more advanced each year for it.
I mean, I guess that's kind of the idea for doing school.
- It's cool. - Yeah, he'll probably,
he'll gain a few new responsibilities as he goes older.
Right now though, it's like when I'm on the lawn,
they want to come and push their bubble lawn mower with me.
So I'm like, okay, I mean, that kind of counts.
You know what I mean?
Like, I'm not going to let you push the real lawn mower.
You can chop your foot off, you know what I mean?
Like, so they just do their bubble mower with me outside
or something like that, which is hilarious.
- Can you, can you read yet?
- He can read some, not like he's not going to sit down
and read like a whole book
but he can sound out quite a few words right now.
He's like iterating on that for sure.
Probably like by when he turns five,
like he'll be doing pretty good, yeah.
- Yeah, that's the reason I ask is like,
I'm into the idea of homeschooling,
but then I had this like kind of rational fear that like,
what if I'm, what if I do such a bad job
of setting them up that they literally can't read?
So I'm like--
- That one will be pretty obvious.
Like that one is really easy to judge.
Like, I don't remember.
- Prime got all the way to have roles he is.
- That's true, that's true.
But, you know, he at least, you know,
give him a little bit of time.
He can sound it out, okay?
Like he'll get there.
(laughing)
That one I feel like that one's really,
it'll be super obvious to you if it's like,
if it's going like well or not in a lot of those directions.
It's also like, I mean, they don't really expect kids
going into kindergarten to be reading already.
So like if he's reading, you know, you're like,
it's fine.
I also, I always tell Kayleigh,
like you don't have to be the world's best teacher for this.
Like just think of what the like average teachers--
- Yeah, and I think about all the time.
Yeah, you know what I mean?
No offense, but like I think you're crushing it.
(laughing)
- Yeah, it's funny 'cause I think about like nowadays
where I'm like, okay, I'm gonna go learn a new programming
language, something that I like is really foreign.
Yeah, I've never learned before.
Like within a year, I'm probably gonna be pretty good at it.
And I'm like, I'm like used to things at most
taking a year to learn.
And then I think about how it took me 12 years to learn math.
And I get that my brain had to literally grow,
but I'm like, does it really have to take that many years?
Like I learned so little
compared to how fast other things go.
- Well, the thing that's crazy to like about
just like the general structure of it is like,
obviously some kids learn math faster than other kids.
Doesn't mean anything like besides that they learn math
faster, like it's literally unrelated
to pretty much anything else.
But it's crazy 'cause the system is set up that it's like,
they can only be effectively like some offset
from each other.
Like, oh, you're one grade ahead.
Like this is what happened to me, right?
I was basically, you know, like started was,
and then like started sixth grade.
And I was like in doing seventh or eighth grade, right?
By the time I'm like in ninth grade,
I was doing some other ones.
And then like before I graduated,
I was doing some classes at like community college for it,
right? - Yeah.
- But that was still like,
I was still just some offset from my peers.
That's crazy.
Clearly I learned math at a faster rate.
It should be going like this, right?
Like any time you have a rate difference
between people for something.
- Yeah, it adds up over the years.
- Yeah.
- And you're like, the whole thing.
So yeah, so that's the thing that I'm like most,
probably like most excited for with them
is finding out what their things are
that they like really like learning
that they're like fast at doing, right?
And it's not like, oh, well,
now you're just in geometry instead of algebra one.
And so you're one year ahead.
I mean, that's good. Like, I think it's better.
All things equal to have like some classes
where you can go advance.
Apparently controversial take these days.
But it is kind of crazy because you're like,
surely, like I could have been done with my math major
by the time I graduated high school.
Like, 'cause I got one anyways when I was at Calvin,
like for fun, like I just got one as like a side thing
'cause I enjoyed math and I was like far.
But like, I could have been done.
And most of the time I spend like waiting around in class.
You know what I'm saying?
- Yeah, it's crazy how much waiting in
just doing nothing there was.
I think the school I went to,
it's so roughly followed what you're describing,
but I think they were pretty good about it
because when I was in ninth grade,
I had a classmate that was already taking math classes
at Princeton at that point.
- Oh nice, yeah.
- And he basically, by the time we graduated,
he finished, he basically just needed to get,
he ended up going to MIT and he finished his math degree
like in his first semester at MIT.
And it did like a second thing.
So, I mean, he was one of those like freak of nature
type of people.
Like he won some national math contest
and got like a medal from George Bush.
Like, we're just kind of planning to be clear.
- That never happened to me to be clear stuff.
- So he had George Bush and math together,
but that's a reward if you really get a math
like George Bush, you have to meet George Bush.
If you want, you're like, "Hmm, okay."
- Do you know what I did?
- Fool me once.
(laughing)
- Oh man, that quote is so good though.
Don't you miss that, like that era
where like every couple of weeks
we're just getting a banger like that.
- I mean, Trump's got some good ones.
My favorite one's recently from him.
I don't know if you saw this one, but it's so funny
is he's in like the palace or whatever
of like one of the, either like the Saudis
or Connor or something like that I don't remember.
And they're taking pictures, right?
It's like this huge palace, it's insane, right?
And then you hear like the camp,
I don't even know, I mean, Trump probably knows
the cameras are on everything, the mics can still hear them,
but all the cameras are far away,
everything's walking away with them, it just goes.
- Nice house.
(laughing)
- I'm just like this, that's so funny.
- Nice house.
(laughing)
- Oh, like that's an all-time banger dude,
that was so funny, like that's insane.
- I think the one that sticks out my head the most
is that from the standpoint of water one.
(laughing)
- I don't even know if I told that one.
- I can't remember the exact quote,
but it's like during one of those Puerto Rican hurricanes
things, he's like, this is one of the wettest hurricanes
from the standpoint of water.
- I'm from the standpoint of water.
(laughing)
- Like how does his brain work this way?
- Oh, that's like, that's like, you know dude,
like what he says to me like, oh, he's just riffing.
That's insane.
- Like he thought of that, like 500 milliseconds
before he said it.
(laughing)
- You're like, if I'm president dude, I'm thinking,
I don't know, do I really feel like I should be riffing
all the time?
I feel like I gotta be like a little bit more like,
I'm gonna try and make sure I've got my message across.
I've only got five minutes of air time.
But it's like, that's so funny.
He's like, oh, he's just riffing on the idea completely
is insane, like hurricanes.
It's just like, that's all he's got.
All he's got, right, he's got a big part.
- 'Cause it hurricanes water, there's a lot of water.
- There's a big part, they hold it up
and it just says, it just says hurricanes, big.
And he goes, okay, I got it, give me five, boys.
(laughing)
- Yeah, I was saying this the other day,
I'm like jealous of people that have such a distinct way
of talking that people can like,
it's so distinct that people can do impressions.
I was thinking about this 'cause of all the Uncle Bob video
she's been doing, I'm just like, how do you develop this?
This is so crazy to be this like specific.
- That's true, in the bathroom.
It's been, he's been really keeping it up.
I've been impressed.
- I haven't seen them for a week,
but I think there's haven't come across my feet.
- I think he's been doing them just like on Mondays.
It seems like, 'cause it seems like I've been,
I've been getting them only like once a week
or something like that.
So I usually just like them and then don't watch,
but I like I want this to show back up in my feet again.
- Dude, I love, I just love, I just love the thumbnails.
I love the thumbnail and morning bathrobe rant, dipes.
- And I'm like, yes, I don't know what he's saying,
but I'm glad it's in the world, you know.
- I just wonder if he sounds like that
in his normal day to day or if he's like, if it's--
- He's playing it up, he's playing it up in that.
'Cause like we've talked to him, we did a long form.
- Oh, it's true, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Or maybe two long form interviews with him.
I mean, he has like, it's definitely still him
like in the, in the bathrobe rant,
but he's definitely like playing it up
like a little bit for that.
Like when he talks, he still has that like same kind
of humor, it seems to me.
I mean, I've only talked to him for like two or three hours,
you know what I mean?
But he still has like that same kind of like joke
and like when he's like impersonating like, you know,
the opposition of something right or whatever,
he's still like gonna do those same sort of tropes.
But yeah, I think it's a little played up for the bathroom.
I like, he knows, like he knows what he's doing.
Like it's funny, you know?
- Me and Liz were rewatching the second Avengers movie,
the one with Ultron.
I don't know if you've seen it, but-
- Age of Ultron, that one?
- Yeah.
- It's been a while, yeah.
I thought you were gonna say Pirates of the Caribbean,
but that's fine too.
- Yeah, so we're going through that now.
- Yeah, yeah, tell him why though, Dax, tell him why.
- Okay, well, me and Liz have been rewatching Pirates of Caribbean
'cause TJ has called me Dax Barrow several times.
- Dax Barrow.
- And I was like, you know, I haven't seen those movies
in a really long time.
I should have at least rewatching that.
- They're pretty good though, right?
I mean, I feel like they're,
they kind of is like one of those things where like,
you look back and thought, oh, they're probably cheesy
or lame or whatever.
It's like, no, they're just earnest.
- No, it's so pretty good.
- It's pirate movies, like it's good.
- Yeah, well, also the,
some of the technical stuff is actually pretty insane
'cause we're watching the Davy Jones one now.
- Oh yeah.
- And he looks great, like a CGI looks great,
the acting and like the little mannerisms and takes on like,
I can't believe this is like 15 years now.
- You want to know why?
It's because they had physical things
that they used for the props.
And because they didn't let stupid executives
make all the decisions along the way
and they had a vision for the movie, like cars.
Not just, I mean, the Pirates,
but that's a whole category of movies
I feel like they don't make anymore.
These like kind of adventure slash,
there's like some kind of magic to it too.
Like like, like, do you remember the mummy movies?
- Yeah.
So I feel like that category and movie like,
I don't think they do anymore really.
- I feel like superhero movies kind of like took the slot.
- That's true.
They kind of looked like that.
- But now Super Mario's are kind of out.
So maybe we're due for a Pirates resurgence.
You know what I mean?
- Yeah.
- But they'll probably just make remake
of the Pirates of the Caribbean three, blah, blah, blah, blah.
- Well, did you know there's like six of these movies?
I've only ever seen three of them.
There's so many more than I thought.
- Wait, there's six?
I knew there was three.
- No, there's more than three.
I think it's either five or six.
There's a, so they already, they already milked it.
- You gotta know when it's time to stop guys.
That's the other thing that's part of the reason
that the franchise I feel like it's not looked upon
with the way that it should be,
is you gotta cut, you gotta, you gotta be Barry Sanders.
You know, Barry Sanders, great Detroit lines running back,
probably one of the all time greats, played for 10 years,
saw that the lines were never gonna win a Super Bowl.
And so he said, I'm out and he retired.
And everyone thinks, he's the awesome, amazing running back.
Yes, everyone needs to learn how to do that
with TV shows and movies, because otherwise
you get made fun of, you become Brett Favre.
Right? And it's like, Brevard used to be good,
and now they're like, he's the Levi's guy.
He makes jeans commercials, right?
- There's having a LeBron too.
- Yeah, it is, it is.
He should have retired too.
- Liz was bringing this up where she's like,
'cause with the whole Kanye thing, she was like,
oh, I think--
- He's done with anti-Semitism.
- I did see that, but like, do you remember that clip
where he's like, I'm not gonna say what kind of doctor?
- Yeah, yeah, of course.
Yeah, yeah, of course.
- And he says, like five, so I'm pretty sure
it's gonna go like that.
- Yeah, yeah.
- It's gonna come out again tomorrow.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
(laughing)
- But she's like, this is why,
maybe this is why celebrity should die young, because--
- Dang, Liz.
- Kanye had died five or 10 years ago, you know?
- All time great.
- Like, she would have been amazing, but now, you know,
we gotta witness this.
- Right after he made my favorite albums of his,
Jesus's King.
(laughing)
Of course, like--
- Yeah, I mean, that would have been good timing, I think.
That was like right before he got too crazy.
- Yeah, yeah, then he went,
hung out with Joel Osteen too much.
I won't make, I won't get too controversial here,
but yeah, no.
- Is that literally true?
- From an outsider looking in,
it felt like-- - Was he like,
involved with that whole thing?
- Like, he was on stage with him once or twice, at least,
like at his church and everything.
It literally felt like Kanye was like,
all right, I'm trying out Christianity.
So he Googles like, most popular Christians, right?
And it's like, top hit, Joel Osteen.
And you're like, I'm the most popular,
he's the most popular, we should probably like collab.
You know?
And then he's like, this guy represents everything
that's good and right about Christianity.
And you're like,
(laughing)
So, yeah, that part was, that was a little devastating
for those of us who were rooting for his Christian arc.
'Cause I'm not saved with Osteen and it was like,
mm, that's the wrong crowd.
That's the kind of Copeland bunch
and all these guys who are like,
yeah, of course I have a private jet.
How else am I supposed to fly around?
- Okay, that guy, I show people
that clip of him being interviewed all the time.
'Cause like-- - He's crazy, dude.
- His face just looks so evil.
And the way he talks, like I cannot believe it.
- Like he literally looks demonic.
It's like actually insane.
You're like, this is so crazy
that people send him money.
Like a lot of money. - I know, it's like so obvious.
Like you look at his face. - Yeah, when they could be buying
coffee over SSH instead,
like at least do something good with your money guys.
(laughing)
- Yeah, that clip where he's like saying,
Tyler's a great guy.
He made this jet so cheap for me that I had to buy it.
- Yeah, yeah.
(laughing)
- Yeah. - Yes.
- But yeah, I think going out on top is,
I think it's, I get it, it's hard 'cause
by definition, on top is when you feel--
- There's still a lot of area under the curve
on the way down, you know, that you can still collect, right?
So that's part of the difficulty.
Even if you see that you're all the way at the top, right?
Like the down slope is not directly down to zero, right?
You still have a lot of area-- - Yeah, that's pretty good.
- Yeah. - To collect.
Like you still have at least a few,
like a few thousand cameo appearances you can make
or something like that.
(laughing)
- I always go to cameo thinking like,
oh, this is gonna be such a cool thing.
I'm gonna think it's something funny to do with it.
And it's never, it's obviously never anyone cool because--
- Right. - Like $200 for--
- They're on premium cameo, which is like a talent agency
that says someone wants $500,000 for you to go do this thing.
- I can't afford that one, so--
- Right, yes, exactly.
But that's why I'm saying all those guys are all,
they're all on, they have their talent agent
that like manages that for them.
They don't need cameo to get them random
one off like funny things.
But maybe new Airbnb experiences, Dax.
You can go hang out with Sabrina Carpenter, so, you know?
- What is up with Prime always bringing up Sabrina Carpenter?
- I think it was literally because he was like,
she's really popular and I bet there's some songs
that she doesn't have a lot of views on.
So I wanna beat some of those with our music video.
It's like literally-- - But there was that,
but then I see him bringing her up just in other--
To me, it sounds like she's like the one celebrity he knows.
So he just like-- - Oh, you know what that goes to that?
- That's probably true as well.
- It's probably 'cause she has the song Espresso.
And so he's like, he's trying to do subliminal messaging
to trick people into thinking about coffee, right?
So he's three steps ahead of us, right here.
He's 40 chessing us. - I see.
He's actually doing something really smart.
- Yes, for once, exactly.
Yes, so-- - Let's fake that.
(laughing)
- No, I think your hypothesis of he's like,
I don't know any pop singer names.
Like if you asked him, prime name three relevant pop singers.
I think he would be like Sabrina Carpenter.
Like that.
(laughing)
This is probably what would happen.
I do think you're probably right about that one.
I think you're probably right.
There's a good chance.
It's much more about, he doesn't have the vocabulary
to express any other singers.
- It's funny 'cause I feel like teenagers like her
or she's like big with much younger people.
So it's weird to hear him constantly talk about it.
- It's probably as kids like the songs.
- Oh, okay.
That's how he's heard of this.
- That are like, you know, nearly teens, right?
So they probably know the song
to like, it's playing on Fortnite or something
while he's playing with the kids or something, right?
So--
- It's just, I never hear him talk about music otherwise.
- Yeah.
- So in my head, I'm like, oh,
this is like the music prime listens to.
Like he's into Sabrina Carpenter.
- No prime press listens to like random DJs on the internet
and then codes to music.
I don't think he listens to music and it's spare time.
(laughing)
It's like exclusively a programming tool.
- Yeah, yeah.
That makes sense.
- I'll find out, I'll find out.
I'm gonna hang out with him next week
and then we'll all sneak into his like Spotify
and then I'll figure out what he's been listening to.
- It's gonna be all Sabrina Carpenter,
why we're just completely wrong now.
He's actually a side-heart fan.
- It's gonna be, it's gonna be nothing.
It's gonna be like A540 Hertz like Donald's brown noise.
- I guarantee you, Adam's using those though.
- I was just thinking that.
I was just thinking that.
- Like there's no way, Adam's probably like,
10 hour A440 Hertz like brown noise.
Oh, it's gonna be a good day, boys.
(laughing)
- It's a banger.
- Who's your favorite?
Who's your A440 Hertz favorite artist?
Like for me, personally, I'm a big fan of Mr. Brown,
but what are you like?
Oh really, Brown vintage, got it, nice.
It's like.
- Okay, you're saying this?
Like you're making this joke, but I'm realizing that
this is the exact conversation I heard him
and being an halving.
- Yeah, yeah.
- And also it's like. - There was only talking
like this.
- What headphones do you use to listen to your brown noise?
(laughing)
- Oh, really?
- Really?
- Yeah, it's like judging each other based
on their headphones usage for, oh, a Bose?
Yeah, tell me you don't know anything about music
without telling me anything about it.
(laughing)
- Oh man, that's a worse thing,
'cause I think the Bose thing is funny,
'cause I like the way they sound.
- Yeah, me too.
- And I like Bose speakers, but I know that it's like,
people just are judging you immediately for it.
- And audio files, but it feels like one of those things
where you know it's like the best norming option,
so that's what all of the like
really professional people hate, right?
You know what I'm saying?
- Right, yeah.
- Right, so they're like, oh, that's just normy.
I remember when I used to like Bose,
that was before I really understood the underground audio scene.
Mine are handcrafted by Bon Jovi himself, you know,
or something like this, or whoever the guy is from Apple,
you know, so I know his name's not Bon Jovi,
but I can't even joke every time.
I was really hoping I was gonna trigger David with that,
but. (laughs)
- Yeah, I'm like, this one's probably hits home
for me particularly, because I have these three speakers,
and they're very good.
They're really good. - Yeah, they're nice.
- Like audio, yeah, you've seen them.
But like, I go home to my parents' house,
and they have these Bose speakers
surround sound that wall that they had for 20 years,
and they sound better.
They just sound better than whatever I have.
- Yeah, maybe I like don't have all the extra 10,000 hours
of equipment I need to make this thing sound good,
but I'm just like, I should've just gone with it.
- But that's like, no, it's not fair.
Every time Adam brings his camera to somewhere,
and he turns it on, even if it's the same iPhone,
it's like, Adam uses the iPhone camera, I look really good.
I use the iPhone camera, I look washed out.
That doesn't make sense, there's not even settings.
There's not even setting.
I can't even, you know, what's up with that?
- It's just a light that he emits from his body.
- Yes, that's true.
- He's blowing. - He's being blowing, yeah.
No, that's funny.
- Okay, my mom's visiting,
we gotta go pick her up from the airport,
so there's probably pop-offs too.
- Okay, that sounds good.
I gotta get ready to talk to DHH.
- Oh, yes, have fun with that.
- I will.
All right, bye Dax, bye tomorrow, fans, see you later.
Hey, comment that you like me more than Adam.
Thanks, bye.
- That's probably gonna happen.
(upbeat music)